docs: add a qemu section (#1724)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/getting-started/first-steps-local.md

# First steps with a local cluster

To set up your local cluster, you have two options available.

> You can use [MiniConstellation](#using-miniconstellation) to quickly set up a cluster for testing things out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [MiniConstellation](#using-miniconstellation) to automatically deploy a two node cluster for testing things out.
```
Vale doesn't like the "quickly" wording. Maybe this fits better?

  :::

  :::caution

  Please note that connections via `qemu+tcp` aren't encrypted and shouldn't be used in a security relevant environment!

  :::

3. Finally, initialize the cluster by running

  ```shell-session
  constellation init
  ```

  This should return something like the following output:

  ```txt
  $ constellation init
  Your Constellation master secret was successfully written to ./constellation-mastersecret.json
  Initializing cluster ...
  Your Constellation cluster was successfully initialized.

  Constellation cluster identifier  g6iMP5wRU1b7mpOz2WEISlIYSfdAhB0oNaOg6XEwKFY=
  Kubernetes configuration          constellation-admin.conf

  You can now connect to your cluster by executing:
          export KUBECONFIG="$PWD/constellation-admin.conf"
  ```

### Connect `kubectl` and deploy a sample application

This process is the same as described in the [MiniConstellation](#connect-kubectl) section.

### Terminate your cluster

To terminate your cluster after you finished, run:

```shell-session
constellation terminate
```

This will destroy your cluster and clean your workspace. The VM image as well as `constellation-conf.yaml` will be kept to allow reuse.

> 

Reviewer: Instead of referring to another section here, create one unified section for both deployment options.
We could also go with throwing the "Create your cluster" steps of MiniConstellation and QEMU into tabs, similar to how we did it for the cloud providers for IAM creation: https://docs.edgeless.systems/constellation/getting-started/first-steps#create-a-cluster
